chart/README.md, before:

# sealed-secrets-web

![Version: 3.1.6](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-3.1.6-informational?style=flat-square) ![AppVersion: v3.1.6](https://img.shields.io/badge/AppVersion-v3.1.6-informational?style=flat-square)

A web interface for Sealed Secrets by Bitnami.

## Installation

### oci

```console
helm install my-sealed-secrets-web oci://ghcr.io/bakito/helm-charts/sealed-secrets-web --version 3.1.6
```

### helm repository

```console
helm repo add bakito https://charts.bakito.net
helm install my-sealed-secrets-web bakito/sealed-secrets-web --version 3.1.6
```

## Values

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| affinity | object | `{}` | Assign custom [affinity] rules to the deployment |
| deployment.args | object | `{"defaultArgsEnabled":true}` | Default process arguments are used, while additional can be added too |
| deployment.livenessProbe | object | `{"failureThreshold":3,"httpGet":{"path":"/_health","port":"http"}}` | Liveness Probes |
| deployment.readinessProbe | object | `{"failureThreshold":3,"httpGet":{"path":"/_health","port":"http"}}` | Readiness Probes |
| deployment.securityContext | object | `{"allowPrivilegeEscalation":false,"capabilities":{"drop":["ALL"]},"privileged":false,"runAsGroup":1000,"runAsUser":1001}` | Hardening security |
| disableLoadSecrets | bool | `false` | If set to true secrets cannot be read from this tool, only seal new ones |
| fullnameOverride | string | `""` | String to fully override "argo-rollouts.fullname" template |
| image.pullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` | Image pull policy |
| image.repository | string | `"ghcr.io/bakito/sealed-secrets-web"` | Repository to use |
| image.tag | string | `nil` | Overrides the image tag (default is the chart appVersion) |
| imagePullSecrets | list | `[]` | Secrets with credentials to pull images from a private registry. Registry secret names as an array. |
| includeLocalNamespaceOnly | bool | `false` | If set to true, the application has only the permission to view sealed secrets in the current namespace |
| ingress.annotations | object | `{}` | Ingress annotations |
| ingress.className | string | `""` | Ingress class name |
| ingress.defaultTls | bool | `false` | set this to true and leave tls an empty array to use the default TLS certificate (works at least in openshift) |
| ingress.enabled | bool | `false` | Enable ingress support |
| ingress.hosts | list | `[{"paths":[{"path":"/","pathType":"Prefix"}]}]` | Ingress hosts |
| ingress.labels | object | `{}` | Ingress labels |
| ingress.tls | list | `[]` | Ingress tls |
| initialSecretFile | string | `nil` | Define you custom initial secret file |
| nameOverride | string | `""` | String to partially override "argo-rollouts.fullname" template |
| nodeSelector | object | `{}` | [Node selector] |
| rbac.create | bool | `true` | Specifies whether rbac should be created |
| replicaCount | int | `1` | The number of pods to run |
| resources | object | `{}` | Resource limits and requests for the pods. |
| revisionHistoryLimit | int | `10` | Max number of old replicasets to retain |
| sealedSecrets.certURL | string | `""` | URL sealed secrets certificate (required if sealed secrets is not reachable with in cluster service)    Validation api will be disabled when cert URL is used. |
| sealedSecrets.namespace | string | `"sealed-secrets"` | Namespace of the sealed secrets service |
| sealedSecrets.serviceName | string | `"sealed-secrets"` | Name of the sealed secrets service |
| service.annotations | object | `{}` | Service annotations |
| service.clusterIP | string | `""` | Kubernetes Service clusterIP |
| service.loadBalancerIP | string | `""` | Kubernetes Service loadBalancerIP |
| service.loadBalancerSourceRanges | list | `[]` | Kubernetes Service loadBalancerSourceRanges |
| service.nodePort | string | `nil` | Kubernetes Service Nodeport |
| service.port | int | `80` | Service port |
| service.type | string | `"ClusterIP"` | Sets the type of the Service |
| serviceAccount.automountServiceAccountToken | bool | `true` | Automatically mount the service account token |
| serviceAccount.create | bool | `true` | Specifies whether a service account should be created |
| serviceAccount.name | string | `"sealed-secrets-web"` | The name of the service account to use. |
| tolerations | list | `[]` | [Tolerations] for use with node taints |
| volumeMounts | list | `[]` | Additional volumeMounts to the image updater main container |
| volumes | list | `[]` | Additional volumes to the image updater pod |
| webContext | string | `nil` | The context the application is running on. (for example, if it is served via a reverse proxy) |

----------------------------------------------
Autogenerated from chart metadata using [helm-docs](https://github.com/norwoodj/helm-docs)

Commit message:

Add common labels that apply to all resources (#291)
* Add common labels that apply to all resources

* Run make helm-docs

* Run make helm-docs

---------

Co-authored-by: Jonatan Redondo <jredondo@theworkshop.com>

chart/README.md, after:

# sealed-secrets-web

![Version: 3.1.6](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-3.1.6-informational?style=flat-square) ![AppVersion: v3.1.6](https://img.shields.io/badge/AppVersion-v3.1.6-informational?style=flat-square)

A web interface for Sealed Secrets by Bitnami.

## Installation

### oci

```console
helm install my-sealed-secrets-web oci://ghcr.io/bakito/helm-charts/sealed-secrets-web --version 3.1.6
```

### helm repository

```console
helm repo add bakito https://charts.bakito.net
helm install my-sealed-secrets-web bakito/sealed-secrets-web --version 3.1.6
```

## Values

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| affinity | object | `{}` | Assign custom [affinity] rules to the deployment |
| commonLabels | object | `{}` | Optional labels to apply to all resources |
| deployment.args | object | `{"defaultArgsEnabled":true}` | Default process arguments are used, while additional can be added too |
| deployment.livenessProbe | object | `{"failureThreshold":3,"httpGet":{"path":"/_health","port":"http"}}` | Liveness Probes |
| deployment.readinessProbe | object | `{"failureThreshold":3,"httpGet":{"path":"/_health","port":"http"}}` | Readiness Probes |
| deployment.securityContext | object | `{"allowPrivilegeEscalation":false,"capabilities":{"drop":["ALL"]},"privileged":false,"runAsGroup":1000,"runAsUser":1001}` | Hardening security |
| disableLoadSecrets | bool | `false` | If set to true secrets cannot be read from this tool, only seal new ones |
| fullnameOverride | string | `""` | String to fully override "argo-rollouts.fullname" template |
| image.pullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` | Image pull policy |
| image.repository | string | `"ghcr.io/bakito/sealed-secrets-web"` | Repository to use |
| image.tag | string | `nil` | Overrides the image tag (default is the chart appVersion) |
| imagePullSecrets | list | `[]` | Secrets with credentials to pull images from a private registry. Registry secret names as an array. |
| includeLocalNamespaceOnly | bool | `false` | If set to true, the application has only the permission to view sealed secrets in the current namespace |
| ingress.annotations | object | `{}` | Ingress annotations |
| ingress.className | string | `""` | Ingress class name |
| ingress.defaultTls | bool | `false` | set this to true and leave tls an empty array to use the default TLS certificate (works at least in openshift) |
| ingress.enabled | bool | `false` | Enable ingress support |
| ingress.hosts | list | `[{"paths":[{"path":"/","pathType":"Prefix"}]}]` | Ingress hosts |
| ingress.labels | object | `{}` | Ingress labels |
| ingress.tls | list | `[]` | Ingress tls |
| initialSecretFile | string | `nil` | Define you custom initial secret file |
| nameOverride | string | `""` | String to partially override "argo-rollouts.fullname" template |
| nodeSelector | object | `{}` | [Node selector] |
| rbac.create | bool | `true` | Specifies whether rbac should be created |
| replicaCount | int | `1` | The number of pods to run |
| resources | object | `{}` | Resource limits and requests for the pods. |
| revisionHistoryLimit | int | `10` | Max number of old replicasets to retain |
| sealedSecrets.certURL | string | `""` | URL sealed secrets certificate (required if sealed secrets is not reachable with in cluster service)    Validation api will be disabled when cert URL is used. |
| sealedSecrets.namespace | string | `"sealed-secrets"` | Namespace of the sealed secrets service |
| sealedSecrets.serviceName | string | `"sealed-secrets"` | Name of the sealed secrets service |
| service.annotations | object | `{}` | Service annotations |
| service.clusterIP | string | `""` | Kubernetes Service clusterIP |
| service.loadBalancerIP | string | `""` | Kubernetes Service loadBalancerIP |
| service.loadBalancerSourceRanges | list | `[]` | Kubernetes Service loadBalancerSourceRanges |
| service.nodePort | string | `nil` | Kubernetes Service Nodeport |
| service.port | int | `80` | Service port |
| service.type | string | `"ClusterIP"` | Sets the type of the Service |
| serviceAccount.automountServiceAccountToken | bool | `true` | Automatically mount the service account token |
| serviceAccount.create | bool | `true` | Specifies whether a service account should be created |
| serviceAccount.name | string | `"sealed-secrets-web"` | The name of the service account to use. |
| tolerations | list | `[]` | [Tolerations] for use with node taints |
| volumeMounts | list | `[]` | Additional volumeMounts to the image updater main container |
| volumes | list | `[]` | Additional volumes to the image updater pod |
| webContext | string | `nil` | The context the application is running on. (for example, if it is served via a reverse proxy) |

----------------------------------------------
Autogenerated from chart metadata using [helm-docs](https://github.com/norwoodj/helm-docs)
